c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\bin\Debug\Lokaverkefni.exe.config
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\bin\Debug\Lokaverkefni.exe
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\bin\Debug\Lokaverkefni.pdb
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.Main.resources
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.RegisterForm.resources
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.exe
c:\users\1911952219\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.pdb
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\bin\Debug\Lokaverkefni.exe.config
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.exe
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.pdb
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\bin\Debug\Lokaverkefni.exe
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\bin\Debug\Lokaverkefni.pdb
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.Main.resources
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.RegisterForm.resources
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\obj\Debug\Lokaverkefni.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Nikulas\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Lokaverkefni\Lokaverkefni\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
